Jazz Standard Currently Stuck In My Head: My Foolish Heart
Published on March 22, 2008.
Well, it didn’t take long for Rick Astley to get out of my head.
While on shuffle, my iTunes played the Bob Mintzer version of “My Foolish Heart” sung by Kurt Elling.
It’s really a nice ballad.
And the arrangement by Mintzer is nice and slightly weird as is his style.
The night is like a lovely tune, beware my foolish heart!
How white the ever constant moon, take care, my foolish heart!
There’s a line between love and fascination, That’s hard to see on an evening such as this, For they give the very same sensation.
When you are lost in the passion of a kiss.
Your lips are much too close to mine, beware my foolish heart!
But should our eager lips combine, then let the fire start.
For this time it isn’t fascination, or a dream that will fade and fall apart, It’s love, this time it’s love, my foolish heart!
And, as usual when I get a standard stuck in my head, it’s really friggin’ stuck in my head!